Fix custom_analytics page link in api-def-common.md (#2227)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/shared/api-def-common.md

* `config_data`: You can use the config_data field in your API definition to pass custom attributes to middleware via a virtual endpoint. See [Virtual Endpoints]({{< ref "advanced-configuration/compose-apis/virtual-endpoints" >}}) for more details.

> * `tag_headers`: This specifies a string array of HTTP headers values which turned to tags. For example if you include `X-Request-ID` header to `tag_headers`, for each incoming request it will include a `x-request-id-<header_value>` tag to request an analytic record. This functionality can be useful if you need analytics for request's headers without the body content (Enabling detailed logging is another option, but it records the full request and response objects and consume a lot more space). Check the page [custom Analytics Tags using HTTP Headers](/tyk-rest-api/api-definition-objects/custom-analytics/) for more important information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `tag_headers`: This specifies a string array of HTTP headers values which turned into tags. For example, if you include the `X-Request-ID` header to `tag_headers`, for each incoming request it will include an `x-request-id-<header_value>` tag to request an analytic record. This functionality can be useful if you need analytics for request headers without the body content (Enabling detailed logging is another option, but it records the full request and response objects and consumes a lot more space). Check the page [custom Analytics Tags using HTTP Headers]({{< ref "/tyk-rest-api/api-definition-objects/custom-analytics/" >}}) for more important information.
```

Reviewer: We need to use `ref`

Reviewer: Also, we should use the page path as the link, not the alias `tyk-apis/tyk-gateway-api/api-definition-objects)/custom-analytics` we only keep aliases because of google.

Reviewer: I updated my suggestion you can just commit it
